docs/modules.md, before:


# modules

There are **internal** and **external** modules. Internal modules are shipped with `msu`. External modules are those you install on your own.


## internal modules:

All internal modules can be found in the `lib` directory in this repo. These modules offer the `msu` backbone and useful utilities.


## external modules:

Anybody can install their own modules.

> Internal modules **always** take precedence over external modules

On installation, these modules are placed at `${MSU_EXTERNAL_LIB}`, which by default is `${HOME}/.msu`.

A valid module can be:
  * a single script, say `sample.sh`
  * a directory with many scripts, say
```
my-module/
|-- script.sh
`-- inner-dir
    |-- script.sh
    `-- another-script.sh
```

> Nested directories are allowed.

You can install external modules, by simple copying the module contents to the external library directory (`${MSU_EXTERNAL_LIB}`). Also, `msu install` can help.

```bash
⇒ msu install my-module
```


## module name:

A valid module filename:
  * has the extension `.sh`
  * has no `.` (dot) except that preceding the extension

* `foobar.sh` - valid
* `foo-bar.sh` - valid
* `foo_bar.sh` - valid
* `foo.bar.sh` - **invalid**

Commit message:

(core_utils) allow install from github
Change: users can install modules from github using the `gh:` marker
        in front of the repo shorthand.

        For example,
        $ msu install gh:GochoMugo/msu

docs/modules.md, after:


# modules

There are **internal** and **external** modules. Internal modules are shipped with `msu`. External modules are those you install on your own.


## internal modules:

All internal modules can be found in the `lib` directory in this repo. These modules offer the `msu` backbone and useful utilities.


## external modules:

Anybody can install their own modules.

> Internal modules **always** take precedence over external modules

On installation, these modules are placed at `${MSU_EXTERNAL_LIB}`, which by default is `${HOME}/.msu`.

A valid module can be:
  * a single script, say `sample.sh`
  * a directory with many scripts, say
```
my-module/
|-- script.sh
`-- inner-dir
    |-- script.sh
    `-- another-script.sh
```

> Nested directories are allowed.

You can install external modules, by simple copying the module contents to the external library directory (`${MSU_EXTERNAL_LIB}`). Also, `msu install` can help.

```bash
⇒ msu install my-module
```

You can also install remote modules from github. For example if https://github.com/example/module-repo is a module you want to install:

```bash
⇒ msu install gh:example/module-repo
```

> Note the `gh:` part! It is **case-insensitive**!


## module name:

A valid module filename:
  * has the extension `.sh`
  * has no `.` (dot) except that preceding the extension

* `foobar.sh` - valid
* `foo-bar.sh` - valid
* `foo_bar.sh` - valid
* `foo.bar.sh` - **invalid**
